# --------------------------------------------------
# Changelog:
# --------------------------------------------------

## [0.1.0] - 2026-01-31

### ⚙️  Miscellaneous

- Initial commit
- Start of python3 cookiecutter project
- Updates
- Template updates
- Moved files to follow coodie cutter folder structure.
- Commit after project name fix.
- Lint fix
- Lint fix
- Lint fix
- Lint fix
- Lint fix
- Lint-fix
- Merge pull request #1 from jcook3701/develop

Develop
- Final touches.  ci should now run on pull request.
- Merge pull request #2 from jcook3701/develop

final touches.  ci should now run on pull request.
- Develop (#3)

Updates for hooks ci, and  cookiecutter.json
- README.md updates
- README.md updates
- Merge pull request #4 from jcook3701/develop

Develop
- Small readme update
- Added Dockerfile with prep to expand this to python web/database apps.
- Removed Readme.  This is added as part of second cookiecutter call.
- Makefile fix and updates to github workflows.
- Updated test code
- Merge pull request #5 from jcook3701/develop

Develop
- Develop (#6)

* updated ci/cd linting and testing.

* added github ci/cd to cookiecutter and updated Makefile.  Still working on updates to pyproject.toml.

* updates to cookiecutter project.
- Develop (#7)

* updated ci/cd linting and testing.

* added github ci/cd to cookiecutter and updated Makefile.  Still working on updates to pyproject.toml.

* updates to cookiecutter project.

* general updates.

* ci/cd updates

* ci/cd updates

* ci/cd updates.  typecheck makefile udpates and fixes.

* updates to post_gen_project.  Now gives ability to add sphinx documentation as well.

* updates for ci/cd within template.
- Feat 001 (#9)

* fix(upgrade): preping project to upgrade from cookiecutter-cookiecutter.

* Update template

* Update template

* fix(upgrade): swapped project from ansible to python for cookiecutter-cookiecutter.

* feat(docs): readme update to make this look more professional.

* feat(template): Upgrades for python template ci/cd and build.   Lint testing now appears to be fixed with updates to nutri-matic.

* fix(spelling): Corrected codespell errors.

* Update template

* fix(upgrader): fixed the upgrader configuration file.

* fix(tests): fix to correct test to work for python template.  Need to come up with a way to correct this in cookiecutter-cookiecutter in the future.

### 🧪 Tests

- Tests-fixes
- Tests-fix
- Tests-fix
